---
layout: post
title: Slice
tagline: jekyll
category: builtin
---

{% include JB/setup %}

## Function description

The slice method takes two arguments, start and end, and returns an array containing the elements of the 
array  from  element start  up  to,  but  not  including,  element end  (or  through  the  end  of  the  array  if end  is 
undefined).  If start is  negative,  it  is  treated  as length+start where length is  the  length of  the  array.  If end is 
negative, it is treated as length+end where length is the length of the array. The following steps are taken: 
1.  Let O be the result of calling ToObject passing the this value as the argument. 
2.  Let A be a new array created as if by the expression new Array() where Array is the standard built-in 
constructor with that name. 
3.  Let lenVal be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument "length". 
4.  Let len be ToUint32(lenVal). 
5.  Let relativeStart be ToInteger(start). 
6.  If relativeStart is negative, let k be max((len + relativeStart),0); else let k be min(relativeStart, len). 
7.  If end is undefined, let relativeEnd be len; else let relativeEnd be ToInteger(end). 
8.  If relativeEnd is negative, let final be max((len + relativeEnd),0); else let final be min(relativeEnd, len). 
9.  Let n be 0. 
10. Repeat, while k < final 
    1.  Let Pk be ToString(k). 
    2.  Let kPresent be the result of calling the \[\[HasProperty]] internal method of O with argument Pk. 
    3.  If kPresent is true, then 
        1.  Let kValue be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument Pk.  
        2.  Call the \[\[DefineOwnProperty]] internal method of A with arguments ToString(n), Property  Descriptor {\[\[Value]]: kValue, \[\[Writable]]: true, \[\[Enumerable]]: true, \[\[Configurable]]: true}, and false. 
    4.  Increase k by 1. 
    5.  Increase n by 1. 
11. Return A. 
The length property of the slice method is 2. 

__NOTE__
The slice function is intentionally generic; it does not require that its this value be an Array object. Therefore 
it  can  be  transferred  to  other  kinds  of  objects  for  use  as  a  method.  Whether  the slice  function  can  be  applied 
successfully to a host object is implementation-dependent