---
layout: post
title: Shift
tagline: jekyll
category: builtin
---

{% include JB/setup %}

## Function description

1.  Let O be the result of calling ToObject passing the this value as the argument. 
2.  Let lenVal be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument "length". 
3.  Let len be ToUint32(lenVal). 
4.  If len is zero, then 
    1.  Call the \[\[Put]] internal method of O with arguments "length", 0, and true. 
    2.  Return undefined. 
5.  Let first be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument "0". 
6.  Let k be 1. 
7.  Repeat, while k < len 
    1.  Let from be ToString(k). 
    2.  Let to be ToString(k–1). 
    3.  Let fromPresent be the result of calling the \[\[HasProperty]] internal method of O with argument from. 
    4.  If fromPresent is true, then 
        1.  Let fromVal be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument from. 
        2.  Call the \[\[Put]] internal method of O with arguments to, fromVal, and true. 
    5.  Else, fromPresent is false 
        1.  Call the \[\[Delete]] internal method of O with arguments to and true. 
    6.  Increase k by 1. 
8.  Call the \[\[Delete]] internal method of O with arguments ToString(len–1) and true. 
9.  Call the \[\[Put]] internal method of O with arguments "length", (len–1) , and true. 
10. Return first. 

__NOTE__
The shift function is intentionally generic; it does not require that its this value be an Array object. Therefore 
it  can  be  transferred  to  other  kinds  of  objects  for  use  as  a  method.  Whether  the shift  function  can  be  applied 
successfully to a host object is implementation-dependent. 