---
layout: post
title: Concat
tagline: jekyll
category: builtin
---

{% include JB/setup %}

## Function description
When  the concat  method  is  called  with  zero  or  more  arguments item1,  item2,  etc.,  it  returns  an  array 
containing the array elements of the object followed by the array elements of each argument in order. 
The following steps are taken: 
1.  Let _O_ be the result of calling ToObject passing the __this__ value as the argument. 
2.  Let _A_ be a new array created as if by the expression __new Array()__ where __Array__ is the standard built-in 
constructor with that name. 
3.  Let _n_ be 0. 
4.  Let _items_ be an internal List whose first element is _O_ and whose subsequent elements are, in left to right 
order, the arguments that were passed to this function invocation. 
5.  Repeat, while _items_ is not empty 
  1.  Remove the first element from items and let _E_ be the value of the element. 
  2.  If the value of the \[\[Class]] internal property of _E_ is __"Array"__, then 
    i.  Let _k_ be 0. 
    ii.  Let _len_ be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of E with argument __"length"__. 
    iii.  Repeat, while _k_ < _len_ 
      1.  Let _P_ be ToString(_k_). 
      2.  Let _exists_ be the result of calling the \[\[HasProperty]] internal method of _E_ with _P_. 
      3.  If _exists_ is __true__, then 
        a  Let _subElement_ be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of _E_ 
        with argument _P_. 
        b  Call the \[\[DefineOwnProperty]] internal method of A with arguments 
        ToString(n), Property Descriptor {\[\[Value]]: subElement, \[\[Writable]]: 
        __true__, \[\[Enumerable]]: __true__, \[\[Configurable]]: __true__}, and false. 
    4.  Increase _n_ by 1. 
    5.  Increase _k_ by 1. 
  3.  Else, E is not an Array 
    i.  Call the \[\[DefineOwnProperty]] internal method of A with arguments ToString(n), Property 
    Descriptor {\[\[Value]]: E, \[\[Writable]]: __true__, \[\[Enumerable]]: __true__, \[\[Configurable]]: __true__}, 
    and false. 
    ii.  Increase _n_ by 1. 
6.  Return A. 
The length property of the concat method is 1. 
 
__NOTE__  The concat  function  is  intentionally  generic;  it  does  not  require  that  its  this  value  be  an  Array  object. 
Therefore it can be transferred to other kinds of objects for use as a method. Whether the concat function can be applied 
successfully to a host object is implementation-dependent. 

