---
layout: post
title: Reverse
tagline: jekyll
category: builtin
---

{% include JB/setup %}

## Function description

The elements of the array are rearranged so as to reverse their order. The object is returned as the result of 
the call. 
*  Let O be the result of calling ToObject passing the this value as the argument. 
*  Let lenVal be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument "length". 
*  Let len be ToUint32(lenVal). 
*  Let middle be  floor(len/2). 
*  Let lower be 0. 
*  Repeat, while lower != middle 
  *  Let upper be len-lower-1
  *  Let upperP be ToString(upper). 
  *  Let lowerP be ToString(lower). 
  *  Let lowerValue be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument  lowerP. 
  *  Let upperValue be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument upperP . 
  *  Let lowerExists be the result of calling the \[\[HasProperty]] internal method of O with argument lowerP. 
  *  Let upperExists be the result of calling the \[\[HasProperty]] internal method of O with argument upperP. 
  *  If lowerExists is true and upperExists is true, then 
      +  Call the \[\[Put]] internal method of O with arguments lowerP, upperValue, and true . 
      +  Call the \[\[Put]] internal method of O with arguments upperP, lowerValue, and true . 
  *  Else if lowerExists is false and upperExists is true, then 
      +  Call the \[\[Put]] internal method of O with arguments lowerP, upperValue, and true . 
      +  Call the \[\[Delete]] internal method of O, with arguments upperP and true. 
  *  Else if lowerExists is true and upperExists is false, then 
      +  Call the \[\[Delete]] internal method of O, with arguments lowerP and true . 
      +  Call the \[\[Put]] internal method of O with arguments upperP, lowerValue, and true . 
  *  Else, both lowerExists and upperExists are false 
      +  No action is required. 
  *  Increase lower by 1.
*  Return O . 
  
__NOTE__
The reverse function  is  intentionally  generic;  it  does  not  require  that  its this value  be  an  Array  object. 
Therefore,  it  can  be  transferred  to  other  kinds  of  objects  for  use  as  a  method.  Whether  the reverse function  can  be 
applied successfully to a host object is implementation-dependent. 