---
layout: post
title: Join
tagline: jekyll
category: builtin
---

{% include JB/setup %}

## Function description
The elements of the array are converted to Strings, and these Strings are then concatenated, separated by occurrences of the separator. If no separator is provided, a single comma is used as the separator.

The join method takes one argument, separator, and performs the following steps:
1. Let O be the result of calling ToObject passing the this value as the argument.
2. Let lenVal be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument "length".
3. Let len be ToUint32(lenVal).
4. If separator is undefined, let separator be the single-character String ",".
5. Let sep be ToString(separator).
6. If len is zero, return the empty String.
7. Let element0 be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument "0".
8. If element0 is undefined or null, let R be the empty String; otherwise, Let R be ToString(element0).
9. Let k be 1.
10. Repeat, while k < len
  a. Let S be the String value produced by concatenating R and sep.
  b. Let element be the result of calling the \[\[Get]] internal method of O with argument ToString(k).
  c. If element is undefined or null, Let next be the empty String; otherwise, let next be ToString(element).
  d. Let R be a String value produced by concatenating S and next.
  e. Increase k by 1.
11. Return R.

__NOTE__
The length property of the join method is 1.
NOTE The join function is intentionally generic; it does not require that its this value be an Array object. Therefore, it can be transferred to other kinds of objects for use as a method. Whether the join function can be applied successfully to a host object is implementation-dependent.